Dare to scream again
It will kill you now.
Brother Wuji took advantage of Wu Tengyu before he came
You hurry up
This is up to me alone
Wu Tengyu will also look at the face of the Zhao family
Won't do anything to me
It's late, wait for Wu Dong to come
I must let him tear you to pieces
I let you talk.
Hahaha, it's time.
That phone call just now
Absolutely did not call Mr. Wu
It doesn't matter what you say now
I will never let you go
Who are you going to spare?
Mr. Wu, you must call the shots for me
This kid beat me like this
He also boasted shamelessly that Wujiake Qianqiang Group
It's all supported by him
It's a sin to death
Are you tired of living?
How dare you humiliate Wu Dong like this?
I'm going to kill you.
You shut up
Unknown thing
Lack of discipline for subordinates
Please punish Mr. Xiao